[DOC] Improve readme (#58)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

You are here to help on `bpmn-visualization-examples`? Awesome, feel welcome and read the following guidelines in order to know how to contribute, to ask questions and to make `bpmn-visualization` such a great tool.

All members of our community are expected to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/process-analytics/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please make sure you are welcoming and friendly in all of our spaces.

## Contributions 

There are many ways to contribute:

> - update the [BPMN files](./bpmn-files) used for our test 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- updating the [BPMN diagrams](./bpmn-files) used to test `bpmn-visualization` and demonstrate its rendering capacities
```

7. Open a [GitHub Pull Request](CONTRIBUTING.md#open-a-pull-request) with your patches. (**1** pull request = **1** feature or bug)
   We will review your contribution and respond as quickly as possible. Keep in mind that this is an open source project, and it may take us some time to get back to you. Your patience is very much appreciated.

8. If this is your 1st Pull Request, sign the [Contributor License Agreement](CONTRIBUTING.md#sign-the-contributor-license-agreement)

9. Be willing to accept criticism and work on improving your code. 

**Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this *free* series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on  GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github)    

### Fork & create a branch

[Fork bpmn-visualization-examples](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo) and create a branch with a descriptive name. 

A good branch name would be (where issue #25 is the ticket you're working on): **25-annotations_to_tasks**

```sh
git checkout -b 25-annotations_to_tasks
```

### IDE configuration

> To know how configurate your development environment, see [IDE configuration](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/blob/master/docs/development/ide-configuration.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To know how to configure your development environment, see [IDE configuration](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/blob/master/docs/development/ide-configuration.md)
```

### Adding new example
Make the examples use the latest version of the lib.
Do not forget to update file /demo/index.html with the Latest Release information.

> Tests that the examples work with the new lib version.

Reviewer: :warning: wrong tests, usage of the latest lib version is part of the lib release
If we want to add this paragraph, explain why and how add new examples

Author: Bad copy/paste :(

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: thx

You only need to sign the CLA once or when the CLA terms have changed.

### Keeping your Pull Request updated

If a maintainer asks you to [rebase](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Branching-Rebasing) your PR, they're saying that a lot of code has changed, and that you need to update your branch so it's easier to merge.

Here's the suggested workflow:

```sh
git checkout 25-annotations_to_tasks
git pull --rebase upstream master
git push --force-with-lease 25-annotations_to_tasks
```

At this point, you're ready to make your changes! Feel free to ask for help. Everyone is a beginner at first :smile_cat:

## Maintainers

### Merging a PR (maintainers only)

A PR can only be merged into master by a maintainer, if all of these conditions are met:

* It is passing CI.
* It has been approved by at least two maintainers. If it was a maintainer who opened the PR, only one extra approval is needed.
* It has no requested changes.
* It is up to date with current master.

### Release (maintainers only)

Maintainers need to do the manual following actions **in the order described here** to push out a release (the release
automation is a work in progress).

#### Git Tag

> The tag is done while the [bpmn-visualization-js](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js) release.

Reviewer: :warning: to remove, currently describe in the lib repository and is expected to be automated in the future

Author: It's what I explain in this part, in order to avoid that someone tag in another moment 😉
